Modify rule S6304: update exceptions (#1381)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6304/exceptions.adoc

== Exceptions

* Should not be raised on key policies (when AWS KMS actions are used.)

> * Should not be raised on policies not using any resources (iff all actions in the policy never require resources.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Should not be raised on policies not using any resources (if and only if all actions in the policy never require resources.)
```

clarity, just in case
